Nocode Project          
Contributor License Agreement V1.0
based on http://www.apache.org/licenses/

Thank you for your interest in the Nocode project by Nocode Software SRL (Uruguayan
company #217 883 210 018 - Nocode.org). In order to clarify the intellectual property
license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, Nocode Software SRL
must have a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") that has been signed by each
Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This license is
for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of Nocode.org and
its users; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any
other purpose.  

If you have not already done so, please complete this agreement and
commit it to the Nocode repository at
https://github.com/jpos/Nocode/tree/master/legal at legal/cla-USERNAME.txt using
your authenticated Github login. If you do not have commit
privilege to the repository, please email the file to license@jpos.org.
If possible, digitally sign the committed file, otherwise also send a
signed Agreement to Nocode.org.

Please read this document carefully before signing and keep a copy for
your records.

  Full name: 
  E-Mail:   
  Mailing Address:

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your
present and future Contributions submitted to Nocode.org. In return,
Nocode.org shall not use Your Contributions in a way that is
contrary to the software license in effect at the time of the
Contribution.  Except for the license granted herein to Nocode.org
and recipients of software distributed by Nocode.org, You reserve
all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.

   "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
   authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement
   with Nocode.org. For legal entities, the entity making a
   Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled
   by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to
   be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition,
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

   "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship,
   including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that
   is intentionally submitted by You to Nocode.org for inclusion
   in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by
   Nocode.org (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition,
   "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written
   communication sent to Nocode.org or its representatives,
   including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing
   lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that
   are managed by, or on behalf of, Nocode.org for the purpose of
   discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that
   is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You
   as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this Agreement, You hereby grant to Nocode.org and to
   recipients of software distributed by Nocode.org a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your
   Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this Agreement, You hereby grant to Nocode.org and to
   recipients of software distributed by Nocode.org a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have
   made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the
   Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
   licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s)
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any
   entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity
   (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
   that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed,
   constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
   patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for
   that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such
   litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above
   license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property
   that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent
   that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf
   of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for
   your Contributions to Nocode.org, or that your employer has
   executed a separate Corporate CLA with Nocode.org.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original
   creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others).  You
   represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete
   details of any third-party license or other restriction (including,
   but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you
   are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your
   Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions,
   except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide
   support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
   applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your
   Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
   OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
   limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-
   INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation,
   You may submit it to Nocode.org separately from any
   Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of
   any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
   related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you
   are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as
   "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify Nocode.org of any facts or circumstances of
   which you become aware that would make these representations
   inaccurate in any respect.

Date: 
Please sign: 

